Rollup brief documentation (#76)
juliangruber/tape-run: README.md

0
```

> ## With rollup

Reviewer: to be consistent

```suggestion
## rollup
```

> In simple cases you can run it from command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In simple cases you can run `rollup` and `tape-run` right from command line:
```

```bash

> $ rollup test/test.js -f iife  | tape-run

Reviewer: can you describe what `-f iife` does?

Author: it produce code for browser in `immediately invoke function expression`

```

> But maybe you need configuration file that write to stdout and started it with `rollup -c | tape-run` for example like that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a configuration file, here's an example for `rollup -c | tape-run`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

import resolve from 'rollup-plugin-node-resolve';
import commonjs from 'rollup-plugin-commonjs';
import builtins from 'rollup-plugin-node-builtins';
import istanbul from 'rollup-plugin-istanbul';

export default {
  input: 'test/test.js',
  output: { format: 'iife', sourcemap: 'inline' },
  plugins: [
    resolve(),
    commonjs(),
    builtins(),
    istanbul({ exclude: ['dist'] })
  ]
}
```

> Add plugins that you need too! Also you can save intermediate result from rollup somewhere if you set output file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not relevant, people can figure this out :)
